Add documentation (#6)
canonical/data-integrator: README.md

# Charmed Data Integrator Operator

## Overview

> This charm allows to retrieve product credentials needed to authenticate (SCRAM) with different kinds of data platform products([MongoDB](https://github.com/canonical/mongodb-operator), [MySQL](https://github.com/canonical/mysql-operator), [PostgreSQL](https://github.com/canonical/postgresql-operator), and [Kafka](https://github.com/canonical/kafka-operator)). 

Reviewer: Maybe a bullet list?

> This charm allows to retrieve product credentials needed to authenticate (SCRAM) with different kinds of data platform products([MongoDB](https://github.com/canonical/mongodb-operator), [MySQL](https://github.com/canonical/mysql-operator), [PostgreSQL](https://github.com/canonical/postgresql-operator), and [Kafka](https://github.com/canonical/kafka-operator)). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This charm allows to automatically create and manage product credentials needed to authenticate with different kinds of data platform charmed products:
* [MongoDB](https://github.com/canonical/mongodb-operator)
* [MySQL](https://github.com/canonical/mysql-operator), [PostgreSQL](https://github.com/canonical/postgresql-operator)
* [Kafka](https://github.com/canonical/kafka-operator)). 

PostgreSQL?
```

> This charm allows to retrieve product credentials needed to authenticate (SCRAM) with different kinds of data platform products([MongoDB](https://github.com/canonical/mongodb-operator), [MySQL](https://github.com/canonical/mysql-operator), [PostgreSQL](https://github.com/canonical/postgresql-operator), and [Kafka](https://github.com/canonical/kafka-operator)). 

Reviewer 2: **question:** You mention here `SCRAM`. Could you confirm or clarify my understanding, this isn't a specifically `SCRAM` integrator, but a generic entrypoint for getting `username`/`password` from a Data charm, is that right? 

And, it wouldn't matter what authentication mechanism the product uses.

If so, I would remove the reference to `SCRAM` here.

Author: I totally agree

> 

Reviewer: In the overview, we should try to convey the information as described in this document:

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Zw-UoQzHMSQjATLXjjvd9GKu5qU2mHmqxtKck8nGkbU/edit

## Config options

The supported configuration options are the following: 

> database-name - `string`; The desired database name for which the access will be granted.

Reviewer: Mention that this apply only to MySQL, PosteSQL and MongoDB

> topic-name - `string`; The topic name for which the access is granted.

Reviewer: This is for Kafka

> extra-user-roles - `string`; a comma-separated list of values that contains the required extra roles, e.g. `admin` in case of a database or `producer`, `consumer` in case of Kafka. 

Reviewer 2: **quibble:** I really like visual representations. Maybe a markdown table here? 

If you like the idea, inspiration could be (just an idea, feel free to ignore):

## Config Options

Different Data charms require different config options. Below are the required config options for each charm:

|            | database-name | topic-name | extra-user-roles |
|------------|---------------|------------|------------------|
| kafka      |               | ✅          | ✅                |
| postgresql | ✅             |            |                  |
| mongodb    | ✅             |            |                  |
| mysql      | ✅             |            |                  |

Author: I really like this idea! I added the table after the parameter description

> ## Usage

Reviewer 2: **praise:** Enrico said it but this section is great!

> ### Basic Usage

Reviewer: Very good section!

```
#### From source
```shell
git clone https://github.com/canonical/data-integrator.git
cd data-integrator/
sudo snap install charmcraft --classic
charmcraft pack
```
Then,
```shell
juju deploy ./data-integrator_ubuntu-22.04-amd64.charm
```

#### Configuration

If you want to require access to a database, specify the `database-name` parameter: 

```shell
juju config data-integrator database-name=test-database 
```
In addition, required `extra-user-roles` can be specified. 

```shell
juju config data-integrator database-name=test-database extra-user-roles=admin
```

Instead, for Kafka please configure the desired `topic-name`:

```shell
juju config data-integrator topic-name=test-topic extra-user-roles=producer,consumer
```

#### Relation with desidered application 

In order to related to the desired data-platform application use the following command: 

```shell
juju relate data-integrator <application>
```

After the relation has been created, the credentials and connection information can be retrieved with an action.

In order to change the current credentials (username and password), remove the relation with the application and establish a new one. 

> When the relation is removed, the access with the previous credentials will be removed.

Reviewer 2: **suggestion:** This is fairly critical. Maybe there is a way to draw more attention here? 

Maybe a blockquote? E.g:

> **IMPORTANT** - In order to change the current credentials (username and password), remove the relation with the application and establish a new one. 
When the relation is removed, the access with the previous credentials will be removed.

```shell
juju remove-relation data-integrator <application>
```

If you need to modify `database-name`, `topic-name` or `extra-user-roles` and the relation has been already established, you need to remove the relation and then change the `database-name`, `topic-name` or `extra-user-roles`, and finally relate the data-integrator with the desidered application.

#### Retrieve credentials

In order to retrieve the credentials use the following action:

```shell
juju run-action data-integrator/leader get-credentials --wait
```

> #### Relate Data Integrator with MongoDB

Reviewer: Nice, I would also call this a "Tutorial". Maybe it is worth putting into a separated file called Tutorial

Author: I will add a section named "Tutorial" but I would like to keep it inside the README since it is a pretty minimal tutorial and the README is pretty short. Anyway I will trust your opinion on this point.

data-integrator           active      1  data-integrator             79  no 
mongodb                   active      1  mongodb          dpe/edge   99  no 

Unit                 Workload  Agent  Machine  Public address  Ports      Message
data-integrator/79*  active    idle   99       10.91.92.137                   
mongodb/3*           active    idle   100      10.91.92.227    27017/tcp  

Machine  State    Address       Inst id          Series  AZ  Message
99       started  10.91.92.137  juju-554175-99   jammy       Running
100      started  10.91.92.227  juju-554175-100  focal       Running

Relation provider                      Requirer                               Interface              Type     Message
data-integrator:data-integrator-peers  data-integrator:data-integrator-peers  data-integrator-peers  peer
mongodb:database                       data-integrator:mongodb                mongodb_client         regular
mongodb:database-peers                 mongodb:database-peers                 mongodb-peers          peer
```
To retrieve information such as the username, password, and database. Enter:
```shell

> juju run-action  data-integrator/leader get-credentials --wait

Reviewer 2: **todo:** There is a double-space between `run-action` and `data-integrator`. I am not certain how the Juju CLI handles this, but just in case someone copies and pastes this, I'd remove the double-space.

Author: The extra space is handled by the Juju CLI but I will remove it
